so right now we are with Jeremy my
friend the owner of this car he's gonna
he's about to drive this car for the
very first time you can you can tell
he's pretty excited you can tell so it's
it's happening right now it's my Crown
Vic number 10 but it's the first one
that is just perfect
in us every ways it has everything I
want all the features perfect shape
still under warranty Wow under warranty
as long as they don't see it
there are other things
he's pretty goes for a guy that never
drove his car with a stick shift
he drove him anytime the five four but
not his
let's try that again it's so cool it is
cool oh yeah you can tell he's loving it
it's like the third thing
the road match
oh yeah
and that bad for a bone stuck for six it
really pulls hard he you gotta say that
they read the 89 oh yeah the 89 was fast
but I mean easy easy easy easy man
that's my neighborhood here hey all no
way around here um around
you can tell guys he's so excited